README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi there, I'm Thiago Scheffer Cardoso 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:thiago.sc.cardoso@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/email-D14836?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/thiago-scheffer-cardoso/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn">
  </a>
  
 
  <a href="https://thiagoscheffer-portfolio.vercel.app">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ePortifolio-darkgreen?style=flat-square">
  </a>
</p>
---

About Me

- 💼 IT | Business
- 🌏 Currently in New Zealand, mastering the intersection of technology, business, and human behavior
- 🤖 Learning: C#, Python, React, Node.js, Vite, Tailwind CSS, JavaScript, AI automation, and color psychology/design
- 🧩 Great interest about code development and business uses.
- 💡 Believer in the future: **AI + Human Creativity + Critical Thinking + Adaptability** - We need reflections.

---

Tech Stack

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/v2.16.0/icons/typescript/typescript-plain.svg" width="40" alt="TypeScript"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40" alt="React"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="40" alt="Node.js"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" width="40" alt="C++"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40" alt="Python"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" width="40" alt="C#"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vite/vite-original.svg" width="40" alt="Vite"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/6910f0503efdd315c8f9b858234310c06e04d9c0/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" width="40" alt="Tailwind CSS"/>
</p>

---

GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ThiagoScheffer&show_icons=true&theme=great-gatsby&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
  <br>
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ThiagoScheffer&layout=compact&langs_count=8&theme=great-gatsby"/>
</p>

---

 Currently

- 📚 Learning: AI  + Cybersecurity, C#, React, Node.js, and design systems
- 🏗️ Building: Solutions blending tech & business for smarter organizations
- 💬 Let's talk about: the future of work, business innovation, and technology
- 📚 Uploading some of my projects and organizing Github repos.

---

Connect With Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:thiago.sc.cardoso@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/thiago-scheffer-cardoso/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn">
  </a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/LuigiGF/LuigiGF/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg" alt="GitHub Contribution Snake">
</p>

---

Commit message:

Revise README with updated info and tech stack
Updated personal information, tech stack, and GitHub stats in README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi there, I'm Thiago Scheffer Cardoso 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:thiago.sc.cardoso@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/email-D14836?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/thiago-scheffer-cardoso/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn">
  </a>
  
 
  <a href="https://thiagoscheffer-portfolio.vercel.app">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ePortifolio-darkgreen?style=flat-square">
  </a>
</p>
---

About Me

- 💼 IT | Business | Future Full-Stack Dev
- 🌏 Currently in New Zealand, mastering the intersection of technology, business, and human behavior
- 🤖 Learning: C#, Python, React, Node.js, Vite, Tailwind CSS, JavaScript, AI automation, and color psychology/design
- 🧩 Great interest about code development and business uses.
- 💡 Believer in the future: **AI + Human Creativity + Critical Thinking + Adaptability** - We need reflections.

---

Tech Stack

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/v2.16.0/icons/typescript/typescript-plain.svg" width="40" alt="TypeScript"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40" alt="React"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="40" alt="Node.js"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" width="40" alt="C++"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40" alt="Python"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" width="40" alt="C#"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vite/vite-original.svg" width="40" alt="Vite"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/6910f0503efdd315c8f9b858234310c06e04d9c0/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" width="40" alt="Tailwind CSS"/>
</p>

---

GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ThiagoScheffer&show_icons=true&theme=great-gatsby&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
  <br>
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ThiagoScheffer&layout=compact&langs_count=8&theme=great-gatsby"/>
</p>

---

 Currently

- 📚 Learning: AI  + Cybersecurity, C#, React, Python and Go.
- 🏗️ Building: Solutions blending tech & business for smarter organizations
- 💬 Let's talk about: the future of work, business innovation, and technology or Life.
- 📚 Uploading some of my projects and organizing Github repos.
- 📚 Finishing my Master Degree in Business Informatics.
---

Connect With Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:thiago.sc.cardoso@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/thiago-scheffer-cardoso/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn">
  </a>
</p>

---


---
